initial commit packaging influxdb work (#1)
Metronlab/genius: README.md

# Genius

A golang generative framework that palliate the lack of generic in go.

It's for now a fork / package of https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb/tree/master/tools/tmpl 

> It remove support for .json comments wich is an unsafe / non ide proof way to derivate json spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It removes support for .json comments which is an unsafe / non IDE-proof way to derive from json specs.
```

It will add YAML support asap to give comments possibility on data feeding the generation.

## Usage

Usage is inspired by test package

> After installing genious with go get or go install, use a go generate directive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing genius with `go get` or `go install`, use a `go generate` directive:
```
